# Restaurant-Takeway-System---GUI

For the project (Restaurant Takeway System - GUI), it's essentially a simulation system project of ordering food and drinks online along with costs in a restaurant. This resembles the online system of paying for food and drinks in restaurants or even places like Macdonalds and KFC. For this, the user can interact with the online system as much as they want although it's just a simulation but links to restaurant online booking systems very well. 

# UserDetails class

So, essentially for this class, this treats it as part 1 procedure of the online booking system. It asks the user for 4 things: first name, last name, phone number and email address. The reason for all 4 of this as the first part is because this is to check whether they're a real human being or not (as a result, this is just for human verification). When entering those 4 pieces of information, there are some rules to be aware of and if these rules are broken when typing any of each information present, the online system won't let you move forward due to invalidity states. For example, if your phone number is in an incorrect format, like adding random strings to a phone number or your phone number isn't a correct number of digits long (11 it should be), then the program wouldn't accept it. 

Furthermore, to prevent the users trying to enter millions of information in one go, when adding each information to the online system, there's a 3 attempt limit where you have 3 chances to enter a valid response to each question and if you don't within the 3 attempt linit, unfortunately, the user would have to go back to the very beginning and start over from entering first name. So it would happen even if the user entered 3 valid inputs for first name, last name and phone number but within the 3 attempts couldn't write a valid phone number, the user would have to restart again from typing his first name. The idea of this is to protect the system from crashing.

# OrderMeal class

This class adds on to the UserDetails class shown by the keyword 'extends' in this program meaning it treats it as a part 2 procedure of the online booking system. However, this only occurs after the user entered all 4 informations in a valid and correct manner within the 3 attempt limit for each. For this class, it's pretty similar to the UserDetails class except this time, the user is required to enter 3 pieces of information which is just what you want to order: food, drink and dessert. User orders those 3 at once. Again, the same rules apply and when choosing each of the 3 items, for each information, there's a list of those foods available in the booking systems only and you have to type one of those availabilities for all 3 items. If you don't, it would be invalid input as either you didn't type anything or you typed something random which doesn't specify exactly what's available (by the way, capital case or lower case errors are ignored and treated equally - demonstrated by the 'equalsIgnoreCase()' function). Also, for this, you have to type all 3 pieces of information, so you can't leave anything blank even though you don't want it. Similarly to the UserDetails class, the 3 attempt limit applies as well so if you click something incorrect or random within the 3 attempt rule no matter which part you are or typing 2 pieces of information correctly, you have to start over from the first of part 2(you don't need to do part 1 again because it's already verified). Again, this is only there to prevent the system from crashing.

After entering all 3 pieces of information of what to order correctly and within the 3 attempt limit, the program finds the cost of each of the 3 selected items (1 food item, 1 drink item and 1 dessert item) and then adds together to give the total cost of order which it displays to the user in a full sentence.

# Confirmation class

The user would be expected to pay for the entire order for this and presumably he/she does it. Once the user has already paid for it, the restaurant online booking system again sends a confirmation message saying you ordered from the restaurant as well as saying thank you to the user and have a great day, stating both the first name and the last name.

# Main class

This class is the most important class of the program and is essentially the actual running of the whole program so without this class, the program wouldn't be able to run. The main class contains the method 'public static void main' which is a method that runs the entire program but stored inside the main class. The class is where the restaurant online booking system is running from the very start to the very end so from asking the user's first name to writing a polite message 'Thank you for ordering'. The program runs like clockwork for this class. When transitioning between parts of the online booking system, so from part 1 to part 2 of the online booking system or part 2 to the confirmation, there's a 3 second gao between each so before moving on to the next part/s of the online booking system, you'd have to wait for 3 seconds which the reason is to make the program flow really easily and fluently (like clockwork).


